Overall, this assignment has been an enjoyable experience. I've worked on and off with Obsidian over the years and having the chance to use the platform for an assignment was exciting. It's unique in the Computer Science program to use tools that I integrate into my daily life (and would use regardless of an assignment). It is interesting to think of Obsidian as an extension of the course material, a tool for expanding my capabilities in a fun way.Technically, using markdown (a big reason I've left Obsidian in the past) was my biggest source of frustration. Markdown is not intuitive to me but eventually became easier to use through practice.

Collaboration with Spencer and Logan has been a great experience. Both were good listeners, were fun to brainstorm with and were willing to include some creative aspects into the final product which I appreciated. We decided to use Github for syncing our vault. This was a new pairing for me and came as a second source frustration. It worked out in the end (after dedicating some time to watching some Youtube Videos). I've used better collaboration tools in the past (e.g. google docs etc...) but happy to have found a free way to sync my Obsidian changes. 

Unfortunately one of our earlier teammates, Kartikye Kashyap ran into some personal issues during the project completion. If we could do anything differently, it would be figuring out what was going on earlier by contacting Professor Miguel. We tried to reach out to Kartikye privately, and kept them in the loop with summaries of what we were completing, but received no response. It was a difficult decision to bring this to Miguel's attention but ultimately a necessary one. Reaching out earlier to Professor Miguel may have allowed us to contact Kartikye with enough time to make meaningful progress with the project. This is a difficult lesson to learn and was not the best outcome for all parties involved. For the future, I've learned it is better to make the difficult decisions early, instead of waiting until there are less options available. 

This reflection is presented as part of the Fall 2023 CSC 412
Computing for Cognitive Augmentation Course - Assignment 3. I thank Miguel
Nacenta, and Sarina Kashanj for your continued support, assistance and
understanding during the course.